feat(parsers.influx): New influx line protocol via feature flag (#10749)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/influxdb_v2_listener/README.md

  ## Optional token to accept for HTTP authentication.
  ## You probably want to make sure you have TLS configured above for this.
  # token = "some-long-shared-secret-token"

>   ## Influx parser type to use. Users can choose between 'internal' and
>   ## 'upstream'. The internal parser is what Telegraf has historically used.
>   ## While the upstream parser involved a large re-write to make it more
>   ## memory efficient and performant.

Reviewer: Maybe simplify this to include only what's needed to make a choice.

```suggestion
  ## InfluxDB line protocol parser.
  ## 'internal' is the default. 'upstream' is a newer parser that is faster
  ## and more memory efficient.
```

Author: agreed and done
